README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>


<div align="center">
 
<h3><b>README</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[Leaderboard\] ](#-leaderboard-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)


# 📖 [Math Magicians] <a name="about-project"></a>

This project is a Single Page App (SPA) calculator.

**[Math Magicians]** For this project, I will be using React librery.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">HTML</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Style</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://create-react-app.dev/">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Dynamic</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">React</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Standar code</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Linters</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Use GitFlow]**
- **[Install and Review Linters]**
- **[Install React Librery]**
- **[Add Components]**
- **[Generate basic calculations]**
- **[Use events]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Open on Visual Studio Code or any other code reader, and use an app as Live Server to review online.
### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

git clone https://github.com/HFG43/math_magicians

### Install

Open index.html file with your Code Editor, and review the behaviour of the page under different sizes.
On the command Line run 

npm install 

to install dependencies in package.json. This will make the app work.

### Usage

`npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

No test available yet.

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

([My portfolio deployment link]) Not available yet.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Hernán Güemes**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/HFG43)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/HFG_43)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hern%C3%A1n-g%C3%BCemes-a440591b/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **[Complete project details]**
- **[Fetch Data from API]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/HFG43/math_magicians/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, please Star it!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I will like to thank Microverse and their Code Reviewers!!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Apply CSS using Modules for NavBar & Home & Quotes

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>


<div align="center">
 
<h3><b>README</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[Leaderboard\] ](#-leaderboard-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)


# 📖 [Math Magicians] <a name="about-project"></a>

This project is a Single Page App (SPA) calculator, that also offers randon Leadership quotes.

**[Math Magicians]** For this project, I used the React librery.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">HTML</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Style</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://create-react-app.dev/">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Dynamic</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">React</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Standar code</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Linters</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Use GitFlow]**
- **[Install and Review Linters]**
- **[Install React Librery]**
- **[Add Components]**
- **[Generate basic calculations]**
- **[Use events]**
- **[Use hooks]**
- **[Use React PropTypes]**
- **[Use React Routers]**
- **[Use Module CSS Style & Import CSS Methods]**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Open on Visual Studio Code or any other code reader, and use an app as Live Server to review online.
### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

git clone https://github.com/HFG43/math_magicians

### Install

Open index.html file with your Code Editor, and review the behaviour of the page under different sizes.
On the command Line run 

npm install 

to install dependencies in package.json. This will make the app work.

### Usage

`npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

No test available yet.

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

([My portfolio deployment link]) Not available yet.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Hernán Güemes**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/HFG43)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/HFG_43)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hern%C3%A1n-g%C3%BCemes-a440591b/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **[Complete project details]**
- **[Aplly Tests]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/HFG43/math_magicians/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, please Star it!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I will like to thank Microverse and their Code Reviewers!!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
